1) Podcast -> Bot Or Not

I chose the podcast "Bot Or Not" which was about bots and how they affect and
interact with the public and politics. The podcast starts with a breif
conversation with Jack Hirsch the CEO of Butter.ai about how his information was
taken and used to influence net nutrality by commenting on the FDC's website.
The podcast then moves to a conversations with Lisa-Maria Neudert about how she
estimates that one hundred percent of people have at some point interacted with a bot while
online. Next they challenge coworkers to a game called "Bot Or Not" where the
were read a message generated by a bot or a human and were told to decide
whether a bot wrote the nessage or a human. Unsurprisingly they were unable to
confidently decide on how the text was generated, proving how easy it is to
trick the everyday user into believing they are reading an opinion written by
another person. After that they move to a short interview with Ben Nimmo on how
to spot and take down bot armies, something that he had experienced first hand.
However, he noticed that there was pattern to how the bots attacking him online
and used that to destroy the botnet by directing them to tweet at twitter
support. Finally they interviewed Tim Hwang on how bots can connect us and how
they can be used for good. In one example he gave they used a botnet to check
for antivax tweets and reply with something guiding the user away from false
information.

2) Videos

2.1) Computer Vision

For my first video I chose a "Computer Vision" by CrashCourse. This video gave a
basic explanation of the topic by using a cartoon visuals. Computer Vision uses
edge detection this is the process of detecting groups of pixels within a
kernel to determine the likelihood than there it is detecting an edge. This is
done by comparing the pixels in the kernel to each other based on which column
or row they are in to find the difference in colour/shade of the pixels, the
more difference the highier chance that the algorthm has detected an edge. The
video also talks about neural networks and how nodes and convolutional layers
are used to detect different patterns in the image and are then analyzed as a
group to detect more complex objects.    

2.2) The Art and Ethics of Digital De-Aging

For my second video I chose "The Art and Ethics of Digital De-Aging" by Fandor.
Where they talk about the fairly new art of digitally editing faces and bodies
within videos and how these actors who were altered or digitally recreated seem
to resemble animatronics, melted wax figures or video game characters. The
author shared some concerns about how this affects not only the ability to hire
less actors, as well as, also giving the film industry to digitally alter their
stars to become more perfect than a person can be. 


3) Some thoughts I had while listening to these videos/podcast(s) 
	- The reason these types of botnets are possible are because of exposed API
	  endpoints that allow developers to create tools or pull data and analytics
		from twitter or other social media platforms. Why not make it slightly
		harder to get privileges to these endpoints? I've messed with the Twitter
		API's myself and was given developer access within a day of my request.

	- A question pertaining to "The Art and Ethics of Digital De-Aging". Acting
	  and movies are artistic mediums just like Music. In music artists are
		allowed and in some cases encouraged to use autotune or create digital
		arrangements that in some cases a human would not be capable of replicating.
		Even though these songs or compositions are not fully human that doesn't
		mean they are not creative and brilliant. Do you think we should not give
		artists tools to bring their ideas to life and create exactly what they
		envisoned?
